Include backtracking in user guide (#9040)
pypa/pip: news/9039.doc.rst

> adding a section to pip user guide to cover pip backtracking, connected to #8975.

Reviewer: Most of these details are implied by being in pip's Changelog page. Reference to #8975 isn't required since users can reach that from the linked issue.

Suggested rewording:

```suggestion
Add a section to the User Guide to cover backtracking during dependency resolution.
```
